---
layout: newsentry
title: Meeting Minutes - Game Time
---

Yeterday we started proposing long-term game projects!  The theme proposed for this semester's games is __growth__.


### Semester game ideas


#### Vine

You play as a supercomputer on The Moon.  Unforunately, everyone is now dead!  Not wanting this massive problem to be discovered, you decide to simulate some personalities in order to convince Earth that nothing is wrong.  Personalities are able to interact with each other, and develop on their own, eventually simulating a full society (with a little bit of luck).


#### [Space]

You are presented with a word full of blank, static inhabitants.  You can give a character in the world an idea by drawing a picture.  That idea will spread to other players, but can also mutate along the way.  Ideas can conflict or harmonize.  Try to balance out ideas, and see what kind of world developes from your input.


#### Living Forever Is Quite Unpleasent

You start the game as a character with a TON of abilities and powers, almost god-like.  Unfortunately, you're infected with a cancerous substance, which causes you to slowly weaken.  The more energy your character spends, the quicker you weaken.  Throughout the game there exits a boss creature; this boss stays constant, but the weaker you are, the harder the boss is to defeat.  The goal is to beat the game without running out of power.


#### GUILT

Your character is a bystander in the game world.  By simply playing, your character witnesses things that are outside of your control.  Your presence alone can cause horrible events to occur.  You may have a few choices throughout the game, but in the end, they're pointless.


#### Puzzle Malignancy

The player controls a little tile on a board.  The tile can grow bigger if the player makes certain moves.  As the tile grows, the game progress to bigger and bigger stages.  At the end, it is revealed that you were actually playing as a tumor and you just killed someone.


### Personal Projects

In addition to 'growth' games, a number of members have their own games that they need help developing.

#### Snake Dodge

__Steve Hoffing__ --- Programming, Art

The player is a flying snake that dodges rocks and other debris.  The game itself is nearly done, but it needs to be ported from [Processing](http://processing.org/) to [Java](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(programming_language)).  There may be additional artwork required if any artists are interested.


#### Not Megaman

__Steve Boyland__ -- Art, Music

(CONCEPT WORK) The game will be a rhythm-based platformer (think 'Megaman').  There is a lot of concept art that needs to be created, as the game is very art-based.  Experimental music tracks would also be beneficial at this stage.


#### N64 Platformer

__Jared Mullen__ -- ALL

(CONCEPT) A platformer with the feel of an old Nintendo 64 platformer game, such as Super Mario 64 or Banjo Kazzoie.  Think 'retro'.


#### Sad Man

__Ayssa Hess__ -- ALL

(CONCEPT) The player controls a man who has lost major things in his life.  When he falls asleep, however, he enters a world in which he has everything he wishes for.


#### Abstract Exploration Game

__"Alextin"__ -- ALL

A game in which the player triggers colour and music changes in his surroundings based on actions taken.  The art style is very abstract and wild.  The initial version of this game was created for the Global Game Jam 2012.


#### Game Engine

__Timothy Beekeeper__ -- Programming (+Design)

(TOOL) A modular game engine, geared toward RTS/RPG-style games.  Note that this is not a game itself; a good knowledge of computer science is ideal.
