---
layout: newsentry
title: Meeting Minutes - Physical
---

We had a very hands-on meeting yesterday.

### SFB
We should now be funded by the TCNJ Student Finance Board.  This opens up many opporunities for us, including more leveraging power for when we host the Global Game Jam this school year.

### Make the Game
We went right back into game development, but this time everyone had some help.  Groups of five were given a physical object and a couple of game mecahnics to play with, and we had some imaginative results!

* **Cards, Spinner,** Risk/Reward, Exploration
  
  "Expiration Date"
  
  Each player controls an old person who hates their life.  With a set number of turns left to live, everyone tries to complete one life goal.  Each turn, a player spins the spinner (labeled with things such as 'Snack', 'Sleeping In', and 'Playing With Grandkids'), and draws a card from the spun category.  The player must then tell a story, using their cards, about how they will complete their life goal.  Others can try to complicate the story with their own cards.  Anyone not involved in the story can vote based on how plausible / amusing a story was.  Players also have vices, such as smoking, gambling, and molesting young males.  Indulging in a vice allows the player to spin again and draw a card, but decreases their lifespan.  The goal of the game is to see how many goals can be accomplished by a single player.  Yay vindictive old people!

* **Cards,** Object-Based, Reflexes
  
  One dealer gives out cards to all players.  The dealer will continually name 'win conditions', which are categories of cards, such as "Red 2", "Odd", "Clubs", "Greater Than 7", etc.  The first time one of those cards comes into play, players will attempt to be the first one to slap that card, and take all the cards int he pile.  The goal is to have the most number of cards.

* **Blocks (with faces),** Points, Upgrades
  
  "Ablockalypse" / "Ablockalypse 2: Saving Face"
  
  A castle crasher in wich the goal is to know the 'face block' of the opponent off of the board.  Players build a tower with blocks, and allocate the rest of those blocks to 'resources', which can be used to generate more blocks and obtain points (used to buy items with cards).  On their turn, a player flicks a block at their opponent's tower.  Players can earn power-ups, like taping blocks together or getting extra blocks.

* **Dart Board,** Deception, Role Playing
  
  Everyone rolls a [d20](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Icosahedron#Toys_and_Games), and is placed on the board at the position they rolled.  Players closest to each other go first.  Combating players must role-play and persuade their current opponent to follow their suggestions.  Each player may choose to fight or yield.  If both players yield, they both move forward two spaces.  If one fights, the fighter moves forward one space.  If both fight, the d20 determines the outcome of the fight.  There are six levels that gradually move closer to the center of the board.  The first player to make it to the middle wins.

* **Popsicle Sticks, Markers, Paper,** Passing, Platforming
  
  "Lava God"
  
  The floor is LAVA.  In the middle of the playing arena is the [Lava God](http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20081206225912/cartoonnetwork/images/8/8a/Fred_Fredburger.gif), who has trapped the players in his dominion.  Players have to retrieve [totems](http://www.decibelmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/NachosBeef.jpg) and bring them back to the lava diety; only then may the players leave.  Certain stepping stones will sink, and have limited use.  Certain [totems](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/uL3ivJG6TfQ/0.jpg) give special abilities.  This is a **Live Action** game.


#### Next Time
Next week will be spent on final development of these games, and playtesting will begin (you should already be playtesting within your group!)