---
layout: newsentry
title: Meeting Minutes - Meeting 1
---

Yesterday was the first official meeting of Magic Circle!  We were excited at the large turnout, and made sure eveyone was engaged and have a good time.

### Welcome
The meeting began with introductions from the [e-board](/people/), who shared a bit about the club before we got into the thick of it.  One of our veterens, Andy Lohmann, lectured on the origin of the club and what the "Magic Circle" really is for gamers.

### What is a Game?
> "Playing a game is the voluntary attempt to overcome unnecessary obstacles." - Bernard Suits, Philosopher

Everybody got involved as we opened up a discussion to define exactly what makes a game, well, a game!  The club surprised us with a number of excellent tags, including **Interaction, Fun, Competition, Crativity, Mental/Physical Challenge, Immersion,** and **Winner**.  These few terms consolidated everyone's unique and meaningful viewpoints on what makes up a game.

### Making the Game
Using these tags, along with a host of [other terms](/assets/docs/termslist.txt), we set out to create some game ideas.  Everyone was given a game mechanic at random from our list and formed into groups of 4-5.  The goal was to create a game idea that encompassed all the terms present within each group.

#### Round 1

* **Infinite Lives, Time Travel, Upgrades**
  
  The player controlls a mass-produced time travel robot stuck in the past; The objective is to get that robot to his present in the far-off utopian future.  If the robot dies, it is replaced (it *is* a mass produced unit, after all).  Different upgrades are available depending on what time period the robot is in.

* **Game Levels, Music, Nonlinear**
  
  Competitive Rock Band!  Sounds in the game must be replecated by each player, in a 'Simon Says' sort of way.  This game would be great for hanging out with friends on an uneventful day.

* **Role Playing, Luck, Conquest, Puzzle, Achievements**
  
  This just *shouts* RPG, but no!  This is a board game, with an outer-space type theme to it.  The outcome of events in the game is heavily based on dice rolls.

* **Dice, Regeneration, Meta, Shooter, Deception, Timer**
  
  Revenge of the Dice.  Play as someone disguised as dice, whose objective is to kill all the gamblers (with guns)!  Gamblers regernate limbs over time, but even if you don't finish your objective within the specified time frame, the gambler die from starvation anyway.

* **Social, Strategy, No Points**
  
  This is a game that requires no supplies.  Each person playing thinks of a word.  The game consists of people asking each other about either a person's own word or another person's word.  Anyone who asks about their target's word can also be asked about their own word, while anyone who asks about another person's word cannot be asked about their own word in that same turn.  A person loses when someone guesses their word.  If someone guesses wrong, then they lose.  The game ends when there is one person left.

* **Q&A, Points, Reflexes, No Timer, Single Player **
  
  A trivia game in which reflexes earn players bonus points (players can take any amount of time to answer questions).  Go for the hiscore!

* **Health, Generation, Rewards, Card, Limited Lives **
  
  Each player in the group starts off with 100 points.  Words are generated by each player using cards with letters on them.  Any points gained for a word are subtracted from an opponent's score.  The winner is the player left standing!

#### Round 2

* **Reflexes, Straegy, Health, No Timer**
  
  "SWAT Paintball".  2 teams, with 'gunners' and 'shielders'.  Players shoot at the other team, and whenever someone is shot, they lose the limb they were shot in.

* **Time Travel, Social, Boxes, Limited Lives, Meta, Upgrades**
  
  Get a bunch of friends together and watch Dr. Who.

* **Timer, Points, Dice, Deception **
  
  Two Truths and a Lie, board game style!  Players roll the dice and move around a circular board to see what kind of questions they need to answer.  Players have a set time to answer questions, which range from easy to hard difficulty (hard questions are worth more points).

* **Puzzle, Shooter, Regeneration, RP **
  
  "Left 4 Bedpan".  All players are senior citizens in a retirement home.  The goal is to kill all the other senior citizens with crazy weapons, like the Tapioca Gun.  Players can regenerate health by taking their medication.  The map constantly changes (due to dementia), so players have to solve puzzles and challenges in order to progress through the game.

* **Luck, Non-Linear, Game Levels, Conquest, Achievements**
  
  The player is a pirate from the 1700s, who gets 'time traveled' to the present.  He must use cannonballs and other pirate weapons to attack modern-day ships and oil rigs on an open map of the ocean.  His ship and crew level up as the game progresses.  Achievements are earned through actions such as destroying an oil rig.

* **The Player, Linear, Multiplayer, Music**
  
  The player is a rapper, known as "The Playa".  There is an optional 2-player co-op mode.  The player(s) have rap battles against other rappers, and earn 'groupies' for winning these battles.  If "The Playa" acquires too many groupies, they are crushed to death, and must rap against Tupac and The Notorious B.I.G.

* **Single Player, No Points, Q/A, Rewards, Infinite Lives **
  
  A Spore-like game, in which the player is a creation that can spawn new organisms from his/her form.  The player has contact with a god-like entity that will answer questions about the player's existance and the meaning of life.  The answer obtained from the god have an effect on how the world developes.

* E-board Round: **Turn Based, Player Character, Player Levels, Cards, Team-Based**
  
  Dungeons and Dragons meets Magic: The Gathering.  Groups of players form teams of adventurers.  Each player has cards that they can play in the game as items or events.  The 'game master' has a large deck of cards that determines how the game flows.
