---
layout: newsentry
title: Meeting Minutes - Meeting 0
date: "%a %b %d %Y, %H:%M"
---

### Game Night
Game night will be taking place this Wednesday, Sept 5, in IMM room 206.  We currently expect the following:
- *Andy L* - N64 (3 controllers) - Super Smash Bros - Goldeneye
- *Bobby C* - XBox 360 - Misc.
- *Steve B* - Gamecube - Misc.
- *Justin D* - Wii - Misc.

If you are bringing / would like to bring consoles, controllers, or games, shoot us an email with a list of your supplies.

### Activities Fair
Magic Circle has a booth at the Student Activities Fair this Wednesday, from 12:00am-3:00pm.  We are looking for volunteers to sit at the booth and solicit new members.  Email us if you can sign up for a time slot, or enter yourself into the time sheet on the [events](http://tcnj-magic-circle.github.com/events/) page.

### Meeting Structure
We are going to be completely revamping the way meetings are structured this semester.  Our main focus is on the incoming members, namely those in the freshman class.  In order to avoid isolating the new members, we will not be focusing on any specific type of games (read: videogames), but will instead work on developing everyone's creative skills.
- *Week 1* - Introduction of [Molydeuxisms](https://twitter.com/petermolydeux) to excite members and get the creative juices flowing; attempt to generate intersting (but manageable) game ideas.
- *Week 2* - Members start working on the ideas they have come up with during Week 1; team up, and those with prior development experience help those in unfamiliar territory.
- *Week 3* - Continue to develop and finalize games for Week 4.
- *Week 4* - Have teams present their games to the group; members give constructive feedback.

While veteran members may still choose to work on their own semester/year-long projects, we would greatly appreciate it if those who have been with the club would mingle and impart their skills to the new members.  We are trying to encourage new members, and do not want them to feel isolated.

### Workshops
We are giving members the opportunity to host workshops during/around meetings.  These workshops can be about anything from game design and implementation to career advice.  In the past, we have had presentations on topics such as the Arduino microcontroller and feminism in videogames.  Submit your ideas to the e-board.

### Game Jam
We will be hosting another Game Jam this year.  As this is are third year as an official club, we are eligable for SFB funding, which greatly extends what we can do with the Game Jam.

### Field Trips
Magic Circle is considering field trips to museums and exhibits, either as a group or in conjunction with other groups.  Potential locations include:
- [High Scores Interactive Arcade Museum](http://www.highscoresarcade.blogspot.com/)
- [Eyebeam Art + Technology Center](http://eyebeam.org/)
- [Museum of the Moving Image](http://www.movingimage.us/)
